The current situation of our Ye family is very bad.
Yesterday, the Qin family cut off all business with us
The current commercial orders of our Ye family are completely gone.
And you called it together?
Just want to ask
What's the solution?
Is our family done growing old?
How about we?
Why don't we live?
I have an idea.
Maybe with your sister's family
Say it
After the Ye family developed Xishan Bay
One more
1 billion external arrears have not been recovered
If you want the money back
Maybe it can help the Ye family lift the comfort
Why don't we know the situation you mentioned?
But the boss who owes us money, Viper
That's an entertainment
With our strength
You're not coming back at all?
Who is the viper?
Viper is the first fighting spirit of our Jiang God
All zombies no one can do to him
So far
Who would like to give it a try?
And of course the nights stopped.
If he hadn't angered Young Master Qin
How could our Ye family have this crisis?
If I remember correctly
West Hill Bay Project
It should always be your responsibility, right?
Lan Ting
The money was never recovered.
You are responsible.
Good idea.
Let's go
Who are you doing?
Do you know how hard it is to get
Hey wife
How do you know if you don't try it?
Right, Ye Wanting?
Your good husband is really interested in you.
The venomous snake is Jiang Cheng's famous bow-headed snake
This time you are dead